Feeling lucky? Use the wishing well to make a CAREER based wish. (DO NOT MAKE A OFFERING)
Time for a break. Go on vacation to Granite Falls
Gorgeous Gourmet - Eat only Gourmet meals for one Sim Week.
HIGH fertility! - Have at least 5 children this generation
To infinity and beyond! Build a rocket and visit SIXAM.
Paranormal Lifestyle - Become a paranormal Investigator.
Party the night away! Spend all night at a club/bar/lounge and don’t go home until at least 5am.
Sworn enemies! Get your sim into a fight with another sim and declare them your enemy. Fight your enemy everytime you see them in the street or at a community lot.
Movie night! Have a movie night/day with your friends or family (or both!). Popcorn and ice-cream included!
The Miracle of Life! You have a child - either conceive naturally or adopt
Meanie! Your sim can only do MEAN interactions to everyone they speak with for 2 sim days.
Sunshine & Showers - Use the weather machine to change the season/weather.
Collector - Complete the Microscope Prints collection.
Beachy - Spend a day at the beach in Sulani
Business Boomer - Open a restaurant. 
Quitter - Have all sims in your household quit their jobs - No new jobs for at least 5 sim days.
Sibling Rivalries - You and a sibling become enemies.
Flipping your fins - Your sim becomes a mermaid.
One with the spirits - Start learning the Medium Skill.
Peculiar planting - Find and grow a cowplant
Moving time! Your Sims fancy a change of scenery. Move to the city/suburbs. (The opposite of wherever your Sims are currently living.)
New hair, don’t care! - Change your Sim’s hairstyle.
Purposeful Bite - Purposely get bitten by a Vampire (More fun with Risky Vampire biting on MC COMMAND CENTRE)
Festival Fun! - Attend a festival in San-Myshuno
Collector - Complete the collection of Space Prints 
Free will activated! - Have free will on for a whole day & night. Don’t interrupt any autonomous reactions! (More fun with MC Command Centre)
Homewrecker - Break up another Sim’s marriage. (This can be for personal gain or not - it’s up to you!)
Rescue Me! - Adopt a stray 
Bluffing - Visit the Bluff’s in Windenburg
Aquatic Friendship - Befriend a dolphin
Feeling lucky? Use the wishing well to make a SKILL based wish. ( DO NOT MAKE A OFFERING )
Friendly Money - Add $300.00 to your account from a long lost family member. 
Meet someone new! - Will you create a new friendship, lover or enemy? It’s up to you!
Adoption Aces - Adopt a child
Entertain us! - Throw a dinner party for family or friends.
I do, I guess? - If not married, get married to the sim you have the HIGHEST relationship with.
Collector - Complete the Alien Collection
Green thumb - Start a garden using pots, planting boxes or the ground.
Feeling Lucky? - Use the wishing well to make a ROMANCE based wish.(DO NOT MAKE A OFFERING)
Bank Error - All of your Household Simoleons disappear due to a bank error. Delete all simoleons and after 1 sim week, double your original simoleon amount as compensation. EG: Original Amount = $1,400.00 1 Sim Week laster = $2,800.00
Home sweet home! - Add a negative trait to your home lot.
Heart of gold - Your Sim’s child is beautifully behaved. Have all character values in the green and at least 3 maxed out by young adulthood. This scenario applies even if you don’t have children just yet. Once your sim has a child, this scenario plays.
Plenty more fish in the sea - You break up with your significant other.
Lord/Lady of Knits - Unlock all knittable items.
Following the career path - Have a career change
Collector - Complete the Space Rocks Collection
Secondary Education - Have a Sim attend University.
Tragic Death - Choose a sim in your household to die a tragic death eg: Drowning etc.
Control Freak - Spend the day just completing your sims whims. Your sims are in control!
Strike or Strike out? Spend the evening at the bowling alley with friends/family
Roomies - Place an ad for a new roommate! 
Home is NOT where the heart is - Move to a different neighbourhood of your choice.
Instant life goals! - Complete your aspiration in one sim week.
Skilled Interest - Start a new hobby or skill.
Kleptomaniac - For one sim week, change one sim to Kleptomaniac and only earn money from stealing items.
INFERTILE! - You are unable to conceive any children this generation. Adopt a child/children instead OR have no children at all. 
The Miracle of Life! You have a child - either conceive naturally or adopt
Hired Help - Hire a maid
Food for the soul - Spend a few hours volunteering. Choose whichever activity you like!
On Deaths Door - Your sim suddenly dies. (Only if you have another sim in the household) Keep the grave or send to the netherworld.
Feeling Lucky? Use the wishing well to make a YOUTHFUL VIGOR wish.(DO NOT MAKE A OFFERING)
Part Timer - Leave your full time career for a part time job! (Re-roll if already part time employed or self employed)
Neighbourly Spirit - Spend 3 Sim days carrying out odd jobs for your fellow neighbours
Rest and Relaxation - Visit the spa for the day
Every Little Helps - Earn some simoleons busking at a community lot (Only if your sim has the music/singing skills.
F is for Fail - By the end of childhood, your child sim must have an F in School.
Fake Friends - Lose a friend
Heartbroken - Your Sim’s significant other is having an affair - confront them? Break up? Pretend it never happened? It’s up to you! (Re-roll if no partner)
Completed Collections - Complete the elements collection.
Easy A - By the end of childhood, your child sim must have an A in School.
Single Player - Spend a day controlling only 1 sim in the household. Swap the sims every day until you’ve controlled every single sim at least once. Let your other sims have free will.      (Can be more fun with MC Command Centre)
Plopsy! - Use plopsy as your main source of income for at least one sim week.
Friends with four paws - Adopt a pet of your choice.
Home sweet home! - Add a positive trait to your home lot.
Quick Meals - For one sim week, only eat quick meals from the Fridge.
Awful Childhood - By Young Adulthood, your Sims child cannot have any character values in the green and at least 2 negatively maxed out.
Purrfect - Your pets have puppies/kittens! Sell them off to other families except one.
Fangs for Days - Your sim becomes a vampire!
Weener, Weener! - Throw a Weenie Roast.
Have a splashing time - Spend a day at the public pool.
Shopaholic - Spend Simoleons on Furniture or other items until you only have $100.00 left.
Holy - Get a new piercing!
New Festivities - Create a new holiday.
Clutter clear out - Have a yard sale!
Renovation Plans - Build an extension/renovation
Doing the dirty - Woohoo in a bush
Feeling Lucky? Use the wishing well to make a HAPPINESS based wish.(DO NOT MAKE A OFFERING)
Challenge yourself - Win challenge at Geekcon (When it’s in town)
Unhappy Ending - Divorce your spouse.
Jungle Sim - Go on vacation to Selvadorada
Maxing Out - Max a skill before your teen becomes a young adult.
Generational Goal - For this generation, money can only be earned by using skills.
What a flirt - Your sim can only do ROMANTIC interactions with anyone they speak with for one day. (Exception of toddlers, children and teens)
Co-parenting - Roll a number between 1 + 5. You must have this amount of children this generation HOWEVER they must all have different mothers/fathers
I do, do I have to? - If not married, get married to the sim you have the LOWEST relationship with.
Become a heart-breaker - have at least 3 romantic relationships at once without any of your romances finding out about each other.
Caffeine Addict - Drink Tea/Coffee at last 5 times a day for 2 sim weeks.
Putting pen to paper - Write a book.
Business Owner - Start a business of your choice OR begin to save to start a business.
Penpals - Get a Penpal and collect all the postcards
Alfred?! - Hire a butler!
High on knowledge - (UNIVERSITY ONLY) Don’t do anything social for 2 Sim Days. Studying only!
Precious Memories - Take a photo/paint a picture of all family members this generation.
Family Ties - A long lost family member turns up out of the blue. They move into your home. (Use CAS to create a new family member - you may need to use the cas.fulleditmode cheat before entering create a sim to set relationships)
Fast Food Junkie - Spend a sim week buying only fast food! (Delivery, food/drink stalls etc)
Early Achiever - (On aging up to a young adult) Master a skill of your choice before getting a job.
Friends Without Benefits - You and your significant other decide to go your separate ways and be “Just Friends”
Child’s Play - Play in the fountain
Ribbit! - Complete the frogs collection.
Throwing shapes - Throw a Dance Party!
A New Haunt - A spirit has taken over your sims home. Change your Lot Type to “Haunted House” for at least 1 sim week. 
The Miracle of Life! You have a child - either conceive naturally or adopt
Leader of the pack - Overrule another club leader.
Woohoo! - Woohoo in the lighthouse
Keeping Secrets- Have a one night stand with a Sim other than your partner!
Wedding Bells - Get married to your significant other. (Re-roll if already married)
Awful Dental Work - In create a sim, change a sims teeth using the randomiser button. Keep these teeth for at least one sim week.
Self Employed - Become self employed with a pre-existing skill
Negative Parenting - For the rest of this generation, you cannot scold your child/children for any bad behaviour. Just turn a blind eye.
Pain is only temporary - Get a tattoo
No Longer Home Sweet Home - For this generation, any children who become teens in the household will move out immediately.
Paparazzi Target - Start your rise to fame and become a celebrity!
You’re fired! - Your Sim gets fired from their job - You cannot get another job for at least 5 sim days. (Full or part time careers only - self employed/freelance doesn’t count)
Feeling Generous - Give gifts to at least 5 sims in one week (not family members.
Autonomous Action - For 2 sim weeks, do not get involved with neighbourhood action plans. 
Friends again? - Patch up a low relationship with a family/friend
Same Pet, New Tricks! - Teach your pet a new trick (Re-roll if no pets)
Hermit? - Meet the Hermit of Granite Falls.
Makeover! - Your Sim decides to have a style change. Create a new outfit for a Sim in your household.
Sweet Cheat Day - Eat desserts exclusively all day.
Bee’s Bumble? - Become a bee-keeper and sell your honey.
Unpopular Celebrity - Become a celebrity and keep your reputation in the red.
99 Mile High Club - Woohoo in a rocket ship
Go Green - Add a new ECO item to your house (Dew Collector, Solar Panels etc)
All Hail Bonehilda - Summon Bonehilda!
Insider - Start a club based on your sims interests.
Night Out - Have a meal at a restaurant. 
Ghostly Presence - Your sim dies (Only if another sim is present in the household. (You have the ghost join your family.
Spoilt Pets - Cook food for your pets instead feeding them kibble for at one sim week.
Pattering Paws - Your pets have puppies/kittens! KEEP THEM ALL! <3 (Re-roll if no pets)
Date Night/Day - Go on a date with your significant other.
Sing your heart out! - Have a sing-song in the Karaoke bar
Kava who? - Throw a Kava Party
Bankrupt! - You lose all your Simoleans! Start from Scratch
Disgusting! - Choose one sim to not shower for one sim week.
Hello Neighbour! - Visit a neighbour (new or acquaintance).
Green Footprint - For this generation, attempt to keep the neighbourhood in a green Eco Footprint.
Ex for a reason? - Your sims ex-partner wants to try again. Roll between 1 - 10. 1,3,8,9 is YES 2,4,5,7 is NO.
Collector (MySims) - Collect all the mysims dolls.
Gym Rat - Visit the gym at least 3 times a week for this generation.
Personality Stitch - Change one of your sims traits.
Tropical Woohoo! - Woohoo in the waterfall in Sulani
Negative Parenting - You cannot teach any of this generation’s future toddlers any skills.
Careless Cash - Your misplace your wallet. Lose 200 simoleans from family funds
In the buff - Go skinny dipping!
Strangerville - Solve the mystery of Strangerville!
PHD - Become a doctor
University Slacker! - (UNIVERSITY ONLY) Don’t spend any time studying/going to classes for 2 Sim Days! Juice Pong anyone?!
Party Time - Throw a black and white bash
Dirty Stop-out - Have a teenager stay out after curfew for at least 3 hours
Restaurant Connoisseur - Visit a different restaurant each day for one sim week. 
Voidcritter Fan - Attempt to have a child collect all Voidcritter cards before they age into a teenager.
Workaholic - All adult sims of this generation must reach level 10 of their careers before becoming an elder.
Collector - Complete the fish collection
Evil Tendencies - Have your Vampire Sim bite and change another sim. (Re-roll if no vampire sims)
BFF’s Forever - Make a new friend & become BFF’s
Fortune Cookie? - Have your fortune told when the Romance Festival is next in town.
Grilled Cheese for life! - Complete the Grilled Cheese Aspiration. 
Cupcake Fiend - Buy a cupcake machine and sell your cupcakes in a yard sale.
Golden Celeb - Become a celebrity and keep your reputation in the green.
Furry Friends - Adopt at least 6 animals before your sim becomes an elder.
Explorer! - Discover a temple in Selvadorada!
Mistake or Miracle? - Your sim (male or female) has a baby with another sim. You leave your current partner and move with the other sim.
Fishin’ -  Spend the day fishing. 
Romeo, Romeo! Where art thou Romeo! - Have a child or teenager join the Drama Club
Idle Careers - No player intervention for this generation for career progression.
Organisation of Organisation - Join an organisation of your choice (University Only)
Winning Ticket? - Participate in the Lottery (Random seasons calendar event)
DNA Twist - All children born this generation should be born from different parents.
Family Fun - Spend the day rollerblading with your family/friends
DJ Decks - Learn the DJ skill and perform in clubs
Green Thumbed Collector - Collect all available plants over your chosen sims lifetime.
Who do Voodoo? - Purchase a Voodoo doll and use it on the Sim you have the lowest relationship with
Collectibles - Collect all the snowglobes in San-Myshuno
Patchy - Become friends with Patchy the Scarecrow
Water Bomb! - Have a water fight!
Social Butterfly - For one sim week, you must answer and attend any calls/invitations at least one sim in your household receives.
Family Enemy - Become enemies with a family member
Mischievous Joker - Participate in the Humor and Hijinks Festival
Spicy! - Participate in the Spicy Challenge at the Spice Festival
The Secret Society - Attempt to join the secret society ( University Only)
Build Sandcastles on the Beach
Noncommittal - Your Sim doesn’t stay in a relationship for more than a Sim week for the rest of this generation. 
Festival Memories - Purchase a souvenir from a Festival
Collector - Complete the metals collection
Have a snowball fight
Have a teen or child join the Scouts after school activity.
Go ice-skating
Find and meet Mimsy and Bernard; the ghosts of the Chalet Gardens
Master Mechanic - Upgrade all items to maximum in your sims house before they reach Elder.
Visit a cafe with family/friends
Craft some items and spend the day selling your wares at the Flea Market
Adopt a child
Host a house party
Master of Robots - Master the robotics skill.
Accept any outing invitations from family/friends for 3 Sim days.
Master of Robots 2 - Create a robot servant for your household.
Have a Sim keep a diary
Woohoo in the shower!
Complete a mural (Garage or floor)
Your Sim won the JACKPOT! Add 10,000 to your family funds.
Donate to a charity
Collector - Complete the fossils collection
Memories are golden - Paint or take a photo of every family member to display.
Host a toddler playdate (Re-roll if no toddlers in household)
Off the grid! Change your lot traits to “off the grid” for the next 2 sim weeks.
Aspired - All sims in this generation must complete their Aspiration.
Furry Friend - Adopt a pet.
Home-schooled - Your Sims don’t believe in mainstream school - Any children born this generation cannot attend school.
Play Don’t Wake the Llama
Midlife Crisis - Your adult sim is having a mid-life crisis! Buy something for more than 1,000 simoleans. (Re-roll if no adult sims) 
Woohoo! - Woohoo in a closet
Meet Count Vladilaus Straud IV
Party Time - Attend a bar event and dress the part (Bears night, Knights night etc.)
Go to a bonfire party.
Inheritance - You come into some money from relatives. Add 2,000 to your family funds.
Woohoo! - Woohoo in a hot tub.
Restaurant Grub - At least once a week for this generation, all sims in your household should visit a restaurant for breakfast/lunch OR dinner.
Diving For Deals - For this generation, you can only gain new furniture from “Diving for Deals” in a dumpster.
Fun in the Sun - Ride a jet ski in Sulani
Collector - Complete the Insects collection.
Obsessed - At least twice a week, a sim(s) in your household must actively seek out and attempt interaction with a celebrity.
Attend an island festival! Hint: Look for the fish balloons!
Upgrade an object on your home lot!
Trait Heir - All children to your chosen sim must inherit at least two traits matching their parents for this generation.
Purchase an Aspiration Reward
Become a Spellcaster
Planned Heist - A band of burglars rob your sims house - Remove at least 10 items.
Spend an evening at the lounge
Out on a school night! - Spend a night at the bar/lounge during the week
Playing hooky - Skip work/school today (Don’t call in sick!)
Woohoo with partner/spouse OR find a one night stand!
Burglary - Your most expensive belonging is stolen!
Downsizing - Your sims decide it’s time to downsize. Change your lot trait to “Tiny Home” and remodel to fit all sims. 
Build a Servo.
Don’t do anything productive at work for 2 Sim Days. (Use the work options, to “slack off” or “talk with co-workers etc. only)
One brick at a time -  You must delete everything from your home lot either immediately or once a sim in your household reaches the “adult” life stage and restart their lives.
One of your Sims has an argument with a family member - it damages a quarter of their relationship bar.
Industrial - For this generation, attempt to keep the neighbourhood in an Industrial Footprint.
Collector - Complete the Crystals Collection
Rags to Riches Style - Start with only 4,000 simoleans and build your sims home.
Haunted House - Spend at least 7 sim days in a Haunted House
Mt Komorebi - Go Sledging in Mount Komorebi
Ghostly Presence - Dedicate this generation to bringing a dead sim back a ghost. Have the ghost live as part of the household.



